# (beta) torch_npu.npu_yolo_boxes_encode

> [!NOTICE]  
> This API is planned for deprecation. The underlying operator kernel is no longer maintained, and performance and accuracy are not guaranteed. This API is not recommended.

## Supported Products

| Product                                                        | Supported|
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | :------: |
|<term>Atlas A3 training products</term>           |    √     |
|<term>Atlas A2 training products</term> | √   |
|<term>Atlas inference products</term>                                      |    √     |
|<term>Atlas training products</term>                                      |    √     |

## Function

Generates bounding boxes based on YOLO anchor boxes and ground-truth boxes. This is a custom MMDetection operator.

## Prototype

```python
torch_npu.npu_yolo_boxes_encode(self, gt_bboxes, stride, performance_mode=False) -> Tensor
```

## Parameters

- **`self`** (`Tensor`): Required. Anchor boxes generated by the YOLO training dataset. This parameter must be 2D with shape `(N, 4)`. The data type can be `float32` or `float16`. `N` indicates the number of ROIs, and `4` indicates `(tx, ty, tw, th)`.
- **`gt_bboxes`** (`Tensor`): Required. Transformation target, such as ground-truth boxes. This parameter must be 2D with shape `(N, 4)`. The data type can be `float32` or `float16`. `N` indicates the number of ROIs, and `4` indicates `(dx, dy, dw, dh)`.
- **`stride`** (`Tensor`): Required. Scale of each box. This parameter must be 1D with shape `(N,)`. The data type can be `int32`. `N` indicates the number of ROIs.
- **`performance_mode`** (`bool`): Optional. Selects the performance mode as `"high_precision"` or `"high_performance"`. If set to `True`, the performance mode is `"high_performance"`. If set to `False`, the performance mode is `"high_precision"`. The default value is `False`. When the input data type is `float32`, `"high_precision"` is selected, and the output tensor precision will be less than `0.0001`. When the input data type is `float16`, `"high_performance"` is selected, and the operator will achieve optimal performance, but the precision will only be less than `0.005`.

## Constraints

The maximum supported `N` for input anchor boxes is 20480.

## Example

```python
>>> anchor_boxes = torch.rand(2, 4).npu()
>>> gt_bboxes = torch.rand(2, 4).npu()
>>> stride = torch.tensor([2, 2], dtype=torch.int32).npu()
>>> output = torch_npu.npu_yolo_boxes_encode(anchor_boxes, gt_bboxes, stride, False)
>>> print(output.shape)
torch.Size([2, 4])
```
